docs: use of nightly/canary version and install-rspack script (#6974)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/contribute/development/releasing.md

is triggered every day at UTC 16:00:07, which is 00:07 AM Beijing Time (offset with an odd minute to avoid cron jobs firing off at the same time).

The nightly build fully replicates the full release build for catching errors early.

## Canary

[canary release workflow](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspack/actions/workflows/release-canary.yml) requires manual triggering.

> ## Use of nightly/canary version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using nightly/canary version
```

> The package name of the nightly/canary version of Rspack will be released after adding the `-canary` suffix, and needs to be used with the overrides function of the package manager such as pnpm, yarn, npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When releasing the nightly/canary versions of Rspack, the package name will be appended with the `-canary` suffix. You need to use the overrides feature of package managers like npm, yarn, or pnpm to use these versions.
```
